Sailfish three metres long are closing
in on prey they will only use just
enough energy to make their killer never
wasting a fin stroke
nearly a hundred selfish have surrounded
a single school of baitfish it's very
rare to see so many of these hunters in
one place
[Music]
to herd their prey the Predators raise
their huge dorsal fins
[Music]
a mistimed strike by one sailfish could
fatally damage another but each
continually changes its color from blue
to strike to black that warns its
companions of its intentions and also
confuses the fray
[Music]
as the shoal is driven nearer the
surface it comes within the range of the
seabirds
[Music]
out here in the open ocean there is
nowhere for the bait fish to hide
[Music]
Sailfish live a high-octane life to
survive they must find prey daily so
their entire existence will be spent on
the move